"No teeth" (While smiling or laughing you can't show your teeth. If you do, take a drink.)
"Double speak"(The last word of a sentence must be said twice. If you don't, take a drink.)
"3 words" (Speak using three word long sentences. If you don't, take a drink.)
"Majestic plural" (Use "we" instead of "I" while talking. If you don't, take a drink.)
"Guess that mana" (Before you draw a card, guess a color in that cards cost. If you're wrong, take a drink.)
"Nicknames" (Refer to each player by a nickname of their choosing. If you don't, take a drink.)
"Dictator" (Without tape, stick a card to your forehead. Until it falls, you don't have to drink. Once it falls, take a drink.)
"T-rex arms" (Lock your elbows in at your sides while drinking. If you don't, take a drink.)
"Penguin arms" (Keep your hands rigid and flat instead of using a grip while drinking. If you don't, take a drink.)
"Staring contest" (Whenever you and another player make eye contact, have a staring contest. Whoever loses takes a drink.)
"Earthquake" (Any person may put their thumb at the end of the table. If it touches your drink, take a drink.)
"Little man" (Take little man off your cup before you drink and put them back afterwards. If you don’t, take a drink.)
"Hats rule" (Whenever a creature wearing a hat enters the battlefield, its controller takes a drink.)
"Buffalo club" (Drink with your non-dominant hand. If you don't, take a drink.)
"Standing room only" (Only drink while standing. If you don't, take a drink.)
"High five" (Whenever two players make eye contact, they high five each other. If they don't, they take a drink.)
"Minister of foreign affairs" (Only the active player may talk to people outside the game. Other players have to have the active player pass along the message. If they don't, they take a drink.)
"Double up" (If you would take a drink, take two drinks instead.)
"On a date" (Choose another player. If one of you would take a drink, both of you take a drink instead.)
"Be our guest" (Damage dealt by Guest creatures also cause their controller to take that many drinks.)
